Document console methods and behavior in Workers (#12371)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/console.md

- They will create entries in the `logs` field of [Tail Worker](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/tail-workers/) events and `Workers Trace Events
- They will create entries in the `logs` field of [Workers Trace Events](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/reference/log-fields/account/workers_trace_events/), which can be pushed to a destination of your choice via [Logpush](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/logpush/).

Refer to [Log from Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/log-from-workers/) for more on debugging and adding logs to Workers.

| Method                                                                                                         | Behavior
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`console.assert()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/assert_static)                   | ⚪ no op                                                           |

> | [`console.clear()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/clear_static)                     | ⚪ no op in local dev, but in remote dev will clear console        |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`console.clear()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/clear_static)                     | ⚪ no op in local dev, but in remote dev will clear console. In Quick Editor / Playground will clear the console.        |
```

> | [`console.count()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/count_static)                     | ⚪ no op in local dev, but works in remote preview                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`console.count()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/count_static)                     | ⚪ no op in local dev, but works in remote preview, Quick Editor, Playground                 |
```

| [`console.groupCollapsed()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/groupcollapsed_static)   | ⚪ no op                                                           |
| [`console.groupEnd`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/groupend_static)                 | ⚪ no op                                                           |
| [`console.info()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/info_static)                       | ✅ supported                                                       |
| [`console.log()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/log_static)                         | ✅ supported                                                       |
| [`console.profile()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/profile_static)                 | ⚪ no op                                                           |
| [`console.profileEnd()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/profileend_static)           | ⚪ no op                                                           |

> | [`console.table()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/table_static)                     | ⚪ no op in local dev (but works in remote preview (??))           |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`console.table()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/table_static)                     | ⚪ no op in local dev (but works in remote preview, quick editor, playground           |
```

| [`console.time()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/time_static)                       | ⚪ no op (but in remote preview will tell you that the timer already exists, no matter what)          |
| [`console.timeEnd()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/timeend_static)                 | ⚪ no op                                                           |
| [`console.timeLog()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/timelog_static)                 | ⚪ no op                                                           |
| [`console.timeStamp()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/timestamp_static)             | ⚪ no op                                                           |

> | [`console.trace()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/trace_static)                     | ⚪ no op (but in remote preview will throw exception)              |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`console.trace()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console/trace_static)                     | ⚪ no op (but in remote preview / Quick Editor it works)           |
```
